# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-11-24

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- James Seden Smith
- Antoine Petty
- Scarzy
- Diane Dowling
- Viv

### Apologies

- Anton Nikitin
- Hannah Sulman

## Past Actions

- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To send an email
- Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy - To do
- Sam: Write Game Design blog - This has been started
- James: Design an A5 flyer - Made a start
- James: Ask the competition team committee for their part of the annual report - Awaiting response
- Antoine: Find cost of business cards - To do
- James: Post Kickstart Blog post - Done
- James: Raise an issue on competition website to make mobile friendly - Done
- James: Ask Anotine to aks Viv if shes up for desigining a sticker - Done
- James: Make a private spreadsheet for new volunteers - Done

## Topics

- Media Consent
    - We collect consent at competiton which is too late for events like Kickstart
    - Can we collect earlier?
        - Yes we can
    - Can media consent then follow a competitor throughout the competition year(s)?
        - We think so but would need a non intrusive way to track the competitor
    - Could we do this at the team level
        - Team members change throughout the year so would have to handle that
        - Under 16s need parental/guardian consent which Team Supervisor may not be able to give
        - Would offload some work for us, team supervisor ensure uploaded otherwise they can't attend (can still indicate no consent)
    - Can we get away with just good signage indicating photographs/videos being taken?
        - If they don't give consent they can get a red lanyard at the door
        - Lack of red lanyard is consent
        - Give clear instructions on how to ask for photos to be removed
            - On website
            - QR code on signs
            - In Booklets
        - Seems much easier than keeping paper forms
    - We think Clear signage + lanyards for no consent is the way to go
        - Agreed by Diane and Scarzy as well as Marketing Committee
- Sponsor
    - Awaiting quote then announcement post will be ready
- Livestream
    - No updates
- Annual report
    - We need to write this
- Branded Items
    - 1000 recycled business cards for Â£26
    - Stickers
        - Viv volunteered to design a greed sticker, once we have this we can order enough
    - Pens
        - Need somewhere to buy pens
- Competition Competitor Goody bags
    - We're happy with the contents list
    - Can start ordering these
- Onboarding
    - We have spreadsheet to track this now
    - Let's review this weekly and make sure to chase people that may disapper
    - Volunteer Welcome packs
        - Business Card instead of flyer?
            - Thanks for support etc.
- Blog Posts
    - Robot 101
        - Theme
            - Need to finalise
        - Robot Design
            - Need to pull into seperates post
    - Robot Image Update
        - Remote Debugging
        - Dark Mode for Web UI
        - Improved Vision Accuracy
            - Also new marker sizes
        - Vision Axis standardisation
    - Team roll up
        - Collect teams social media posts and highlight
- Social
    - Twitter is a little on fire
        - Don't think we need a mastadon yet
- SR(A)WN
    - Nothing to send
    - Nothing to add
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Media)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points
- Mob: Robotsfest post from SR, about Diane attending #robotfest
- James: Write the annual report
