# Marketing Team Meeting 2022-11-10

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- James Seden Smith
- Hannah Sulman
- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman
- Antoine Petty
- Sam Martin

### Apologies


## Past Actions

- Antoine: Chase Brockenhurst for ex-competitor interviews - To send an email
- Sam: Put some thoughts down on the role of a buddy - To do
- Sam: Write Game Design blog - This has been started
- James: Send an email to E about joining competition or marketing team - Karina did this ðŸŽ‰
- James: Design an A5 flyer - Made a start
- Hannah: Look at getting branded pens - Some research done but decision yet to me made
- Antoine: Message Keith about Robot Design blog post - Messaged and Keith was up for it
- James: Ask the competition team committee for their part of the annual report - To ask Andy
- James: Respond to DG - Antoine did this

## Topics

- Coordination of sponsor announcement PR
    - Sponsor has reached out to us to ask if we're planning any PR and for details
    - We should try and do a blog post + social media at the minimum
    - Reach out to Sponsor and arrange next steps
- Sponsor kickstart footage
    - Sponsor asked for any videos from Kickstart
    - We have photos, but some contain competitors
    - We should sort out Media consent
    - At competition we should take video of whole event (not just arena)
    - Reply to email, apologise and explain we didn't manage to take any, offer up Kit assembly and livestream as potential sources
- Media Consent
    - We should get consent early in the year (before Kickstart) so that we can take photos at all events
    - At event we can ask anyone who has not given consent to let us know (maybe still wristband at competition?)
    - We should arrange a meeting to discuss this with trustees and any other volunteers with input
- Write a spec for livestream screens
  - We have screens in the venue displaying information about the competition
  - We also have screens for the livestream
  - We don't have an upcoming matches screen for the livestream we currently take a screenshot
  - We should make sure this screen is made
- Test arena schedule screen
    - Would be great if competitors could tell from their pits state of test arena
    - Maybe even ability to reserve spots remotely
    - Raise with competition team to make sure this gets done
- Annual report
    - We need to do this
    - We have a draft in the Google Drive but need the report on last competition cycle
    - Do we have a deadline for it?
        - Think it's March but we should get done before Christmas so we don't have to worry about it
- Show scoreboard after virtual competition on homepage (separate meeting planned)
    - What should happen with the website after the virtual competition is over?
    - We will arrange a meeting with the competition team committee to discuss this
    - We probably just want the leaderboard on the homepage without any of the schedule bits
- Mobile friendliness of Competition Website
    - It's not, it should be, let's fix it
    - Website written using older technologies, depending on complexity may need to consider viability of upgrade vs rewrite
- Onboarding of people in challenging timezones
    - We occassionally have new volunteers join us from timezones that are inconvenient for us to onboard (meeting times during night or working hours)
    - How do we handle these volunteers? Most of the time they can't join our meetings as they are evening UK time
    - We should stick information about our meeting times on the volunteering page and include this in welcome emails to be clear
- Branded Items
    - Pens
        - Some links to be posted in slack then we can make a decision
    - Stickers
        - Josh has orderd some 5x5 of circle logo, should get 70 or so
    - Business cards
        - We have some but they have old email address on
        - One design with multiple emails on
        - onboarding@ - volunteer
        - fundraising@ - sponsorship
        - teams@ - compete
- Competition Competitor Goody bags
    - We should make a spreadsheet to track what items we want, quantities, and rough costs
    - Assume 250 competitors for costing
- Onboarding
    - We need a system to track new volunteers
    - We may be getting a CRM but not any time soon
    - We should have something as a stop gap - James to try and find a solution
- Blog Posts
    - Robot 101: Robot Design
        - Keith working on this
        - Antoine to send some photos of interesting robots
    - Robot 101: Themeing
        - We should post this tonight
- Social
    - We should do a December social
    - Online, games, chatting
    - Let's choose a date in Slack and then announce in SR(A)WN
- SR(A)WN
    - Kit Team have a google doc about kit stuff we should put in
        - https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1668019540370589
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Media)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points
- James: Reach out to sponsor about announcement
- Antoine: Arrange meeting to discuss media consent
- Doing: Role descriptions?
- Antoine: Find cost of business cards
- Antoine: Make a spreadsheet to track goody bags
- James: New Volunteer Tracking
- James: Post Kickstart Blog post
