# Marketing Team Meeting 2021-09-16

### Present
  - Antoine Petty
  - James Seden Smith
  - Karina Kwiatek


### Apologies

  -


## Topics

  - Website:

    - Sponsor Page on Website (Stats)

      - We need stats on sponsor page to attract

      - Stats from 2021 seem a little sus with 100%s

      - We could combine with 2020 to make them look less artificial

      - Should these go on the sponsor page or homepage?

        - Think the new homepage would be good

    - Website analytics

      - Antoine sent email to Jimmy’s SR email to try and get access to existing Google Analytics but no response

        - We’ll give him some time and then maybe try an non SR email

    - Homepage redesign

      - In progress will continue in doing after meeting

    - Blog Posts

      - Have asked a lot of people to do where are they now post
      - Jake has started a couple of technical blog
      - Dan and Karina interested in doing stuff around Kit
      - We should ask people if they are interested in being interviewed for a meet the team style series

    - Author pages

      - Nice to credit people for their work and show we are real people
      - Could it make people doing non blog posts feel less valued?
      - Lower priority than rest of website, lets revisit once less to do

  - Volunteer Recruitment

    - Still no access to MailChimp. Diane did send us login details but 2FA is enabled meaning we’d need here to send codes all the time

      - James to reach out to Diane again to see what we can do

    - James responded to potential new Kit Team volunteer to arrange a chat

    - We need to improve/create documentation on how to onboard people into SR<https://github.com/srobo/ops-manual/issues/10>

    - We should advertise on social media (and maybe the discord) that we are looking for volunteers

      - Want to hold off to make sure the automated response they get from mailchimp actually contains relevant and up to date info

  - Let general volunteers know that SR2022 is being planned

    - Antoine has a skeleton email but was holding off until we knew more

    - We should include

      - Looking for more mentors this year (both in person and remote)

      - Potential competition structure

      - Website overhaul

        - Ask for any volunteers with design experience (we’ve probably got dev covered)

      - We should ask other committees if they want anything included

      - New team structure (already in the email :))

  - SR(A)WN

    - Dan has handed it over to us (thanks Dan!)
    - Seems in a pretty good state as is
    - Currently a two week (minimum) time period between issues, this cadence seems good!
    - Will ask teams for updates periodically

  - Budget

    - We have a spreadsheet with the items we think we need
    - Need to find prices for these items

  - Social media

    - James still working on solution for wider team to be able to propose posts


## Action Points

  - James - Ask people about Meet the Team Interviews
  - James - reach out to Diane again to see what we can do around MailChimp
  - James - Find prices for budget lines


## Review outstanding actions / urgent issues

  -


## SR(A)WN Content

  -


## _AOB_ (Any Other Business)

  -


## Post-meeting_Doing_
