# Marketing Team Meeting 2021-08-31

## Present

- Andy Busse
- Antoine Petty
- James Seden Smith
- Jake Howard
- David Massey (joined part way through)
- Jenny Fletcher

## Topics

- Sponsor Page on Website

  - Sort licensing on images
  - Agree on content with fundraising

- Website analytics

  - Jimmy might have the google analytics dashboard?
  - Cookie consent?

- Volunteer Recruitment

  - We should get a more friendly welcoming email

  - “Speak to people and act like humans”

  - Assign a buddy of more experienced volunteers

  - Newbie channel in slack (less daunting than general)

    - If we had dozens of volunteers may be more useful than if we have a trickle of volunteers
    - Might be worth giving a go anyway, doesn't cost us anything!

  - Need to get access to MailChimp to see current flow and content

  - At what point do new volunteers get an SR email account?

  - How to recruit volunteers

    - Social media posts
    - Post in Discord?

- Let general volunteers know that SR2022 is being planned

  - Even if not interested in planning, maybe getting back into schools
  - Volunteers socials

- Social Media Campaigns

  - Testimonials

  - Blog posts of volunteers and ex competitors where are they now (what did SR give them)

  - Need to do things throughout the year, not just at events.

  - Guest blog posts from teams

    - Talking about their progress etc

      - Current progress
      - Challenges faced and how they've overcome them

- Social media
  - Repo for approval like emails?

  - Auto validation would be great

  - Need to be accessible to all volunteers

    - Google form or similar?
    - Github Issue Templates

- Where does SR(A)WN sit?

  - We think it probably falls under us
  - Ask dan if wants to continue running

## Action Points

- Antoine: Find out what analytics are available for the website ([#299](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/299))
- James: Look at the new volunteer welcome email and update if needed ([#300](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/300))
- Antoine: Draft email to mail chimp list of all volunteers to inform them of work on the current competition cycle ([#301](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/301))
- James: Draft set of questions for blog post style interviews of volunteers and ex competitors ([#302](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/302))
- James: Social media post submission system for teams ([#303](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/303))
- James: Talk to Dan around how SR(A)WN will work going forwards ([#304](https://github.com/srobo/marketing-team-minutes/issues/304))

## Review outstanding actions / urgent issues

-

## SR(A)WN Content

- We exist, join slack channels to stay up to date

## _AOB_ (Any Other Business)

- Team communication

  - Think this is under the Competition Team remit, will check they are happy with this.

## Post-meeting_Doing_

- New home page planning

  - Photos of happy competitors

  - Testimonials from ex competitors, team leader

  - Keep calendar and blog functionality

  - Who are users types and what do they want from the website?

    - Sponsors

      - Who we are, what we do
      - Value of competition to competitors
      - Photos of people

    - Competitors

      - Docs
      - Forums
      - IDE?
      - Upcoming events
      - Competition News

    - Team Leaders

      - Who we are, what we do
      - Value of competition to competitors
      - Photos of people
      - How to sign up
      - Upcoming events
      - Competition News

    - Public

      - Who we are, what we do
      - Photos of people
      - Photos of robots
      - Upcoming public events

    - Press

      - Who we are, what we do
      - Value of competition to competitors
      - Upcoming events
      - Press pack? (Logos, images, pre-written blurb etc.?)

    - Volunteers

      - Who we are, what we do
      - What volunteering opportunities we have
      - Upcoming events

  - Luckily a large number of what users want overlap, should hopefully be able to use those prompts to come up with some potential designs
